== README

Hello! This is the second in my series of small and silly apps made in Rails. This one felt more complicated, but actually ended up being far easier, probably because there was absolutely no database interaction in order to get it up and running. That will change as I make modifications to it.

=== SCOPE

The Weather Screen is meant to be a very fast and easy way to look at the weather outside - information at a glance while telling you enough to get through the day. Right now it doesn't do that, but in the end, here's what I was trying to accomplish:

* Read and parse information from an external API
* Geolocate the visitor automatically to feed weather readings
* Set environment variables (config vars)
* Make the views mobile friendly

So a relatively small scope, but hey, it's immediately useful for me, so I'm satisfied!

=== STILL TO DO

On the to do list:

* Implement proper weather icons, along with logic to display the correct one according to `icon` data from the Dark Sky API
* Provide more visually appealing elements, rather than black on white
* Implement display of current temperature (maybe with Celcius if in Canada, Fahrenheit if in US?)

Will be adding these shortly.

=== Dependencies

Ruby 2.2.3
Rails 4.2.4

Added the following gems:

* Geocoder
* HTTParty
* Bootstrap
* Weather Icons

Also uses PostgreSQL, but doesn't actually utilize it. Made it a habit for the sake of deploying on Heroku, but can probably remove it.

=== DEPLOY INSTRUCTIONS

As usual.

    bundle install
    rails server
    
Even easier than normal. ;)

=== DEMO

You can find a working demo here: https://warm-woodland-3864.herokuapp.com/

More functionality coming soon!